0.13: Add Auto Sync Points Section (#900)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/news/2024-02-03-bevy-0.13/index.md

TODO.

## Automatically insert `apply_deferred` systems

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @hymm</div>

> A common scheduling issue is that one system needs to see the effects from the 
> commands of another. To this before 0.13 you would manually insert a 
> `apply_deferred` system between the two. Bevy now detects when on system with commands 
> is ordered with another and inserts the apply_deferred for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common scheduling issue is that one system needs to see the effects of the 
commands of another. Before 0.13, you would have to manually insert an 
`apply_deferred` system between the two. Bevy now detects when a system with commands 
is ordered relative to another and inserts the `apply_deferred` for you.
```

```rust
// Before 0.13
app.add_systems(
    Update,

>     (
>         system_with_commands,
>         apply_deferred,
>         another_system
>     ).chain()

Reviewer: Nit: I think a linter would want a comma here.
```suggestion
    (
        system_with_commands,
        apply_deferred,
        another_system,
    ).chain()
```

);
```

```rust
// After 0.13
app.add_systems(
    Update,

>     (
>         system_with_commands,
>         another_system
>     ).chain()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (
        system_with_commands,
        another_system,
    ).chain()
```

);
```

> It also optimizes the auto inserted `apply_deferred` systems by merging them if 
> possible. In most cases it's recommended to remove all manually inserted 
> `apply_deferred` as allowing Bevy to insert and merge these systems as needed will 
> usually be faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also optimizes the automatically inserted `apply_deferred` systems by merging them if 
possible. In most cases, it is recommended to remove all manually inserted 
`apply_deferred` systems, as allowing Bevy to insert and merge these systems as needed will 
usually be faster.
```

```rust
// This will only add one apply_deferred system.
app.add_systems(
    Update,
    (
        (system_1_with_commands, system_2).chain(),
        (system_3_with_commands, system_4).chain(),
    )
);
```

> If this new behavior does not work for you please consult the migration guide. 
> There are a several new APIs for opting out of this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this new behavior does not work for you, please consult the migration guide. 
There are several new APIs for opting out of this.
```

TODO.

## Automatically Insert `apply_deferred` Systems

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @hymm</div>

> A common scheduling issue is that one system needs to see the effects of commands 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common scheduling issue is that one system needs to see the effects of commands
```

Author: Thanks!

queued in another system. Before 0.13, you would have to manually insert an
`apply_deferred` system between the two. Bevy now detects when a system with commands

> is ordered relative to another and inserts the `apply_deferred` for you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is ordered relative to other systems and inserts the `apply_deferred` for you.
```

```rust
// Before 0.13
app.add_systems(
    Update,
    (
        system_with_commands,
        apply_deferred,
        another_system,
    ).chain()
);
```

```rust
// After 0.13
app.add_systems(
    Update,
    (
        system_with_commands,
        another_system,
    ).chain()
);
```

It also optimizes the automatically inserted `apply_deferred` systems by merging them if
possible. In most cases, it is recommended to remove all manually inserted
`apply_deferred` systems, as allowing Bevy to insert and merge these systems as needed will
usually be faster.

```rust
// This will only add one apply_deferred system.
app.add_systems(
    Update,
    (
        (system_1_with_commands, system_2).chain(),
        (system_3_with_commands, system_4).chain(),
    )
);
```

If this new behavior does not work for you, please consult the migration guide.

> There are several new APIs for opting out of this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are several new APIs that allow you to opt-out.
```

queued in another system. Before 0.13, you would have to manually insert an
`apply_deferred` system between the two. Bevy now detects when a system with commands
is ordered relative to another and inserts the `apply_deferred` for you.

```rust
// Before 0.13
app.add_systems(
    Update,
    (
        system_with_commands,
        apply_deferred,
        another_system,
    ).chain()
);
```

```rust
// After 0.13
app.add_systems(
    Update,
    (
        system_with_commands,
        another_system,
    ).chain()
);
```

It also optimizes the automatically inserted `apply_deferred` systems by merging them if
possible. In most cases, it is recommended to remove all manually inserted
`apply_deferred` systems, as allowing Bevy to insert and merge these systems as needed will
usually be faster.

```rust
// This will only add one apply_deferred system.
app.add_systems(
    Update,
    (
        (system_1_with_commands, system_2).chain(),
        (system_3_with_commands, system_4).chain(),
    )
);
```

If this new behavior does not work for you, please consult the migration guide.
There are several new APIs for opting out of this.

> ## Input for one-shot systems
> ## Input for One-Shot Systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Input for One-Shot Systems
```
